Counting DNA nucleotides
1.- Add the gene from the website to VSC as a string.
2.- Assign the set of amino acids a variable.
3.- Create a set in which the variable is assigned to another variable.
4.- Create a loop in which each amino acid (A,G,T,C) presented in the gene is counted.
5.- Print how many times each amino acid is present (after counting ofc).



Transcribing DNA to RNA
1.- Same as P1, add the gene from the website to VSC as a string.
2.- Store the string in a variable.
3.- work with the .replace to take the 'T's out and write 'U's instead.
4.- Print the final gene with the T amino acids being replaced by an U.



Complementing DNA
1.- Paste the gene from the website to VSC as a string.
2.- Assign the string a variable.
3.- Rewrite the string backwards with the [::-1] method.
4.- Use the .replace method to change each amino acid to its complementary, but make sure that you don't replace the new amino acids with what you're rewritten.
5.- Print the final string.



Computing GC Content
1.- Paste the three genes from the website to VSC on three different strings.
2.- Assign each of the three strings a different variable. 
3.- Define a function that counts the number of times that 'G' and 'C' appear on each string.
4.- Make some numbers for percentages: (num of actual cases / total) * 100 -> So it's like: Not 0.67 but 67.
5.- Store the percentages in a dictionary so they are not lost.
6.- Get the maximum value from that dictionary.
7.- Print the highest value.



Finding a Motif in DNA
1.- Paste both strings from the website to VSC as two different strings.
2.- Assign each string a variable.
3.- Start a loop that gives each amino acid an index.
4.- Write an if condition that examines each index from the big string in search of the motif.
5.- Verify that the index starts with the substring.
6.- Print where the motif starts.




Transitions and Transversions
1.- Create two dictionaries like the ones in the website, one that includes the transition and the other one the transversions.
2.- Define a function that will calculate the rario of transversions and transitions.
3.- Define inside what's a transversion and what's a transition.
4.- Paste the two Rosalind Strings from the website to VSC as independent stirngs.
5.- Print the strings to find the transitions or transversions.




